I think we'll start off with the two kind of heroes of our front-end toolchain,
which are Browserify and Sass.
And they help with a lot of different things that make our
front-end code much more expressive to write and also more
performant and feature rich.
So Browserify and Sass are both preprocessors,
Browserify for JavaScript and Sass for CSS.
In our application,
we're actually using Browserify as the primary mechanism by
which we transform our JavaScript into actual cross-browser
JavaScript code that can run across, again,
across a variety of browsers.
So Browserify provides a few things.
It actually has a transform, which we'll talk about next,
that runs it through another tool called Babel,
which ultimately produces cross-platform JavaScript
code that you can actually serve,
which we've been doing this entire time with our todo application.
Sass is a preprocessor for CSS.
It takes a language that is a superset of CSS features
and converts that to plain Vanilla CSS.
So Broswerify, I think, is maybe one of the key technologies of the entire Node.
js ecosystem.
It's a critical component of being able to realize this idea of
isomorphic JavaScript where you can write code that can run both
on the client and on the server.
And while as a practical matter you don't really that often share a ton of
code between client and server unless it's pure JavaScript,
the primary thing that Browserify provides is the
ability to write your code the same way.
So when you're writing a Vue.
js component, you're still dealing with a CommonJS module,
you're using the same language features that you can use on the server in Node,
and Browserify makes all of that possible,
so there's no context switching where you're going to the front and back end.
If you've worked, as I have,
in languages where JavaScript is purely on the front end and on the
back end you're writing Ruby or Java or whatever,
you know that there's a switch when you go from one language to the other,
and Browserify makes that switch pretty much seamless,
so it's a critical tool in my mind for the success of Node.
js.
So Browserify itself provides like one primary service for your application,
which is to analyze the dependency structure of your
code to see which modules are required,
and then it builds a JavaScript bundle and a sort of integrated
require system which will allow that your Node.
js style CommonJS code to run in the browser.
And that's pretty much what Browserify provides,
but the other thing that it does is it provides an
affordance for transformations and plugins.
And the transformations that you can include along with
Browserify do lots of very useful things.
In our case, we're using a Browserify transform for Babel,
so we're able to, during that process of packaging our JavaScript,
convert code that is written on the server for a ES2015+ version of JavaScript,
and we can actually take that code and convert it to regular ES5
code that can run on a variety of browsers.
So the babelify transform provides that functionality for us.
And that's just one of many different transforms that you can use.
There are transforms that allow you to require like templates.
So if you have Jade templates or Pug templates I
guess they're calling it these days, you can actually require those files,
and there's a transform that'll turn it into a JavaScript function that
you can require directly in your JavaScript code.
So there's a ton of really useful technologies and transforms out
there that you can integrate into Browserify.
The transforms are typically installed as peer modules of Browserify.
Browserify itself doesn't ship with any of these transformations.
And while you can execute Browserify directly from the command line,
typically you can execute it with a variety of options.
Typically,
what ends up being expedient is configuring your Browserify
transforms and options within the package.
json for the project.
And if you look in the todomvc-plusplus repo,
you can see the configuration options for Browserify.
So in this case, we're right now using two transforms.
The first is browserify-shim.
Sorry for the laser pointer usage for those online.
But browserify-shim will --- helps you to shim in different
modules that may exist as regular JavaScript modules so they
can be required in your application.
So in the configuration down below for broswerify-shim,
we have the ability require jQuery in our CommonJS style browser code,
but that's essentially going to be a reference to the window
scoped dollar sign object to which jQuery is assigned when
actually running in the browser.
In addition to the shim transform, we also the babelify transform,
which again is a framework for integrating lots of different features for
advanced versions of ECMAScript into your application.
In our current application, we're using the ES2015 presets,
which add a lot of language features that don't yet exist in most browsers,
but there's other presets that you can use.
There's a popular React preset,
which allows you to convert JSX files with integrated Vue code into
regular JavaScript as a part of this process as well.
So Browserify, key tool in our toolchain here.
Where is that configuration file?
That's actually going to be in package. json, so down near the bottom.